README.md, before:

# TETRIACT

## What is TETRIACT?
TETRIACT is a Web-Based Tetris emulator built in a an arcade style.

A user can play the game, save their gamertags and scores, and see where they rank in the top ten.

### Motivation
I have always been a big fan of tetris and wanted to attempt to build it using react.  I also wanted to learn more about hooks, and a new way of styling which is why I chose to follow this [tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGOaCxX8HIU&t=322s&ab_channel=freeCodeCamp.org) for much of the game logic.


### Front-end

The TETRIACT client was built using React and uses React Hooks to create state and utilzie functional components. It uses the Styled Components Library for styling.

The music and background image are sourced from:
[Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Tetris_theme.ogg) and [FreePik](https://www.freepik.com/vectors/background) respectively.

### Back-end

The TETRIACT api is built with Ruby on Rails and uses PostgresSql for its database.

To see more information about the api please see below:

[TETRIACT Api](https://github.com/kmarks2013/tetriact-api)

### Demo

### Installation

### Technologies Used

### Future Updates

### Special Thanks

Commit message:

adds instillation instructions to readMe

README.md, after:

# TETRIACT

## What is TETRIACT?
TETRIACT is a Web-Based Tetris emulator built in a an arcade style.

A user can play the game, save their gamertags and scores, and see where they rank in the top ten.

### Motivation
I have always been a big fan of tetris and wanted to attempt to build it using react.  I also wanted to learn more about hooks, and a new way of styling which is why I chose to follow this [tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGOaCxX8HIU&t=322s&ab_channel=freeCodeCamp.org) for much of the game logic.


### Front-end

The TETRIACT client was built using React and uses React Hooks to create state and utilzie functional components. It uses the Styled Components Library for styling.

The music and background image are sourced from:
[Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Tetris_theme.ogg) and [FreePik](https://www.freepik.com/vectors/background) respectively.

### Back-end

The TETRIACT api is built with Ruby on Rails and uses PostgresSql for its database.

To see more information about the api please see below:

[TETRIACT Api](https://github.com/kmarks2013/tetriact-api)

### Demo

### Installation
    Clone the repo and CD inside of the directory
    npm install
    npm start

Be sure to visit the repo for the [backend](https://github.com/kmarks2013/tetriact-api) and follow those instructions!


### Technologies Used

### Future Updates

### Special Thanks
